com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/data/OrderDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.data.OrderDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/service/DataRetrieverService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.service.DataRetrieverService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/data/OrderDao.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.data.OrderDao
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/service/MailService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.service.MailService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/data/Product.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.data.Product
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskfirst/MovieStore.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskfirst.MovieStore
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/service/ProductOrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.service.ProductOrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/repository/InformationRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.repository.InformationRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/data/Order.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.data.Order
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/data/OrderRequest.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.data.OrderRequest
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/data/Product.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.data.Product
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/data/Category.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.data.Category
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/data/User.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.data.User
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/repository/OrderDaoRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.repository.OrderDaoRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/repository/OrderRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.repository.OrderRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/tasktwo/service/OrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.tasktwo.service.OrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/data/Supplier.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.data.Supplier
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/service/SupplierDaoService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.service.SupplierDaoService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/service/OrderConfirmationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.service.OrderConfirmationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/service/CsvFilePrinterService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.service.CsvFilePrinterService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/repository/SupplierDaoRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.repository.SupplierDaoRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/repository/ShipmentRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.repository.ShipmentRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/service/PdfFilePrinterService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.service.PdfFilePrinterService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/repository/InformationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.repository.InformationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/service/DataRetrieverService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.service.DataRetrieverService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/data/SupplierDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.data.SupplierDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskthree/service/OrderProcessService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskthree.service.OrderProcessService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskfour/data/Flight.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskfour.data.Flight
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskfour/service/FlightFromFinderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskfour.service.FlightFromFinderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskfour/data/FlightDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskfour.data.FlightDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskfour/service/ConnectedFlightFinderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskfour.service.ConnectedFlightFinderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskfour/service/FlightFinderProcessorService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskfour.service.FlightFinderProcessorService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskfour/repository/FlightFinderRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskfour.repository.FlightFinderRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskfour/service/FlightToFinderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskfour.service.FlightToFinderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/taskfour/service/FlightDataRetriever.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.taskfour.service.FlightDataRetriever
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/MainSolid.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.MainSolid
