com/kodilla/patterns/PatternsRunner.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.PatternsRunner
com/kodilla/patterns/enums/hotel/PriceList.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.enums.hotel.PriceList
com/kodilla/patterns/enums/hotel/Season.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.enums.hotel.Season
com/kodilla/patterns/enums/hotel/HotelApp.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.enums.hotel.HotelApp
com/kodilla/patterns/singleton/SettingsFileEngine.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.singleton.SettingsFileEngine
com/kodilla/patterns/singleton/Logger.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.singleton.Logger
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/TaskList.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.TaskList
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/Task.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.Task
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/Prototype.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.Prototype
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/Board.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.Board
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/Customer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.Customer
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/library/Library.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.library.Library
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/IndividualCustomer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.IndividualCustomer
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/predictors/BalancedPredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.predictors.BalancedPredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/predictors/AggressivePredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.predictors.AggressivePredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/BuyPredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.BuyPredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/IndividualYoungCustomer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.IndividualYoungCustomer
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/predictors/ConservativePredictor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.predictors.ConservativePredictor
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/CorporateCustomer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.CorporateCustomer
com/kodilla/patterns/prototype/library/Book.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.prototype.library.Book
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/types/TwitterPublisher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.types.TwitterPublisher
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/users/ZGeneration.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.users.ZGeneration
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/types/FacebookPublisher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.types.FacebookPublisher
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/users/Millenials.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.users.Millenials
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/users/YGeneration.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.users.YGeneration
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/types/SnapchatPublisher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.types.SnapchatPublisher
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/SocialPublisher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.SocialPublisher
com/kodilla/patterns/strategy/social/users/User.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.strategy.social.users.User
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/Square.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.Square
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/Rectangle.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.Rectangle
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/Shape.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.Shape
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/Circle.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.Circle
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/ShapeFactory.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.ShapeFactory
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/tasks/Task.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.tasks.Task
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/tasks/ShoppingTask.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.tasks.ShoppingTask
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/tasks/TaskFactory.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.tasks.TaskFactory
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/tasks/PaintingTask.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.tasks.PaintingTask
com/kodilla/patterns/factory/tasks/DrivingTask.java
 com.kodilla.patterns.factory.tasks.DrivingTask
